the fundamental thing that I feel
unnatural vegan is right about and that
I want to give emphasis to you is that
these bad diets whether they're 30
bananas a day lot so for or what have
you the problem is not that they attract
people to Deegan ism but that they repel
people from bees but they really do lead
to people who are disillusioned and
burnt out with veganism itself when
instead they should just be burnt out
with [ __ ] YouTube personalities who
are just trying to sell you their next
diet book
the lessons you learn about human
psychology in one field can be applied
to another here in Canada you meet
people who go to law school and they
convince themselves that exactly the
worst aspects of law school the ways in
which it doesn't work the ways in which
it makes no sense and it's crazy as
badly or as a failure that those are the
things that make it redeeming rewarding
those are the things that separate the
weak from the strong those are the
things that are proud that they
accomplished seen in language programs
seen in religion see no comments kinds
of things where exactly the defects of
the program it's come to be valorized or
fetishized as if they made the whole
program more worthy and you know freelee
and durianrider they've been fronting on
this diet this completely unscientific
ridiculous cartoon diet and people who
gain weight on the diet try to pretend
that the best thing about the diet is at
the beginning you gain weight right this
has been tackled in depth by unnatural
vegan aka Swayze this has been tackled
in depth uh quite a while ago by high
carb Hannah two very different vegan
youtubers those two boy they're just
those two women if you look at their
channels they're great examples of how
diverse and different that people are
become vegan one is ultra rational and
scientific the other believes in all
kinds of supernatural horseshit guess
what they both did freelee's magical
diet they both gained weight they both
figured out what was wrong with it they
came to their senses and the good news
is they quit that diet but they stayed
vegan and they stayed vegan for the
right reasons because the great reasons
are not weight loss the right reasons
our ethics ecology leading a meaningful
life etc
I got in touch with someone today who
posted a video stating the opposite she
was explaining that she's burnt out on
the freely diet it doesn't work doesn't
make sense that lifestyle she's gaining
weight out of control she's very unhappy
about it and she's giving up veganism
entirely and going back to eating meat
even though she believes veganism is
morally right is ethically right and
it's a decision she wanted to keep for
the rest of her life she wanted to be
vegan until the day she died and she
gave up because freelee's diet didn't
work for her and it was ruining her life
okay it's real
I feel bad if people involved I really
do I understand there are elements of
celebrity here they're elements of hero
worship and it's very hard for people to
take the steps back in their mind and
question how did they come to put so
much trust in freely in the first place
made the Bulge of human starvation look
up adapted to my Genesis that's what
everybody gets healthy do they have
experience working with patients in
recovery do they have experience really
living with someone as they go through
the steps of weight loss and recovery
because you know part of it's science
but part of it is also sympathy for the
problems people have in the real world
with getting a diet to work for them
freelee and durianrider lived back and
forth between Australia and Thailand
okay very different from living in rainy
old England durianrider is a guy who
does 500 kilometres in a week on his
bike and I think he does like another
hundred kilometres jogging
these are endurance athletes living in
the tropics they can sit down and eat a
huge pile of fruit without gaining
weight when I lived in Thailand I can
remember doing over 100 kilometres on my
bike and when I would get off the bike I
would still be sweating because it's
partly the exertion was also the intense
sunlight the extreme heat and I would
eat a bag of fresh fruit I would buy
rambutan the
was as big as my chest wasn't as big as
my head it was as big as my torso I was
sit down and eat kilograms of fresh
fruit and not only was I burning the
calories I was also burning the liquid
the ton of water in pretty much any
fresh fruit but certainly including
tropical fruits like rambutan and when I
would be done with it I wouldn't need to
go to the bathroom because that's how
intense the exertion that's how much
sweat you're putting out okay with that
kind of lifestyle right now I live in a
cold climate I'm a little bit I have
more fat on my body than I would like
right now and I know exactly the reasons
why I know what kind of stress I've been
dealing with in the last couple of weeks
and also it's been cold here cold and
rainy and normally I do a regular six
kilometer hike for me when I first moved
here I used to go to the gym the gym was
a disaster I'm not gonna get into why
they just didn't have enough machines
that too many people there at the same
time I tried going at 6 a.m. I tried
going 6 p.m. I could not make the gym
work with my schedule at school it was
big disappointment to me so I had to
switch over entirely to relying on push
ups and free weights that I own ok these
are the types of real world problems
people deal with in terms of diet in
terms the food that's available to you
in terms the exercise that available to
you it's a struggle ok and freelee and
durianrider have been giving out advice
that's maybe good advice for like less
than 5% of the people who take it if you
have a desk job if you have kids and a
desk job and you live in England and
it's cold and raining and you can't even
go jogging
you're struggling to keep a balance in
your life do you think there's a
difference between eating a diet that
has 2,000 calories of fruit and eating
3,000 calories of fruit what do you
think how do the laws of physics apply
to you you think there's no difference
in weight loss not even type of weight
maintenance or weight gain weight loss
for a person with a desk job you think
there's no difference between 3,000
calories and 2,000 calories in a day
there's a huge difference made the
Balaji human starvation look up adaptive
thermogenesis that's why everybody gets
healthy obese people get slim and
anorexic
get healthy I put on weight I have to do
you have to deal your hormones to heal
everything is being documented this is
dr. Ansell Keys deputy my genesis ball
you human starvation lot 1942 whatever
was so today we are going to learn about
the Minnesota starvation experiments
otherwise known as the great starvation
experiments and so I wanted to talk
about this because youtubers such as
durianrider and freely have used this
experiment as evidence of metabolic
damage and to provide an explanation why
people gain weight on Rossville form and
so I'm going to teach you just the
background of the study what happened to
the participants and then we're going to
discuss why the Minnesota starvation
study actually carries no relevance to
Rockville for so after the starvation
period after the controlled refeeding
period these men were able to eat
whatever they wanted and so this
included generally dairy meats and oils
and things like that highly refined
foods they were eating Donuts and
hamburgers and ice cream and pizza I
have always found you know the use of
the Minnesota starvation experiments to
justify these claims is very strange and
relevance because the diets that the men
and people following watch out for are
completely different you know just think
back so do you think that in 1944 the
man during refeeding phase of the
experiment when they were able to eat as
much as they wanted do you think that
they were following rods before back in
1944 they certainly weren't even
following a vegan diets and they
certainly weren't even following a high
carb low fat vegan diets if you remember
back to my last week video on the great
overfeeding experiment module four
promotes that game I talked about how
Dino velichko genesis is activated by
the saturation of glycogen stores which
just means that you consume too many
carbohydrates from processed refined
sources and you actually fill up your
glycogen stores to the point where the
body needs to get rid of
the excess glucose carbons and so it
undergoes as oppose us to turn sugar
into fats
my heart goes out to people who have
been taken in by basically seeing a
charming woman with makeup and fake
breasts on the internet trying to
convince you that she knows what she's
talking about when she and her boyfriend
the recovered drug addict a convicted
criminal Oh to jail a guy who says that
he is legally not allowed to adopt
children because he's been diagnosed
with a serious mental illness
this is who durianrider is by his own
account and you're putting your trust in
these people with your health and your
life on what basis
because they're good-looking is that why
Frehley has fake breasts a large part of
the public interest in her is that she
seems to present you with the illusion
of a woman who is simultaneously very
lean and very curvy yeah well that's
partly an illusion created by silicone
breast implants I think if she didn't
have those implants she would not have
had as much attention from the
newspapers and if you watching this
video or really honest with yourself she
probably would not have had as much
attention from you either these guys
pepper their discourse with various
sorts of pseudo scientific notions if
you actually pick through them if you
actually look into them glycogen storage
and all these other buzzwords they don't
make sense
and a few different channels have taken
the time to go through kind of piece by
piece and talk about what the etiology
of durianrider and Frehley is but look
man long story short you have to work
out a diet that makes sense for you and
exercise schedule that reflects your
priorities and your values in life I'm
not trying to meet women I'm not trying
to bench press the most I can bench
press I'm not trying to win in the
Olympics right now I do 200 push-ups a
day I did 200 push-ups today if you want
to see what that looks like
it doesn't look like much what does it
matter why do I bother taking the time
to do 200 push-ups a day I'm 6 foot 3 I
weigh over 200 pounds if a fist fight
breaks out if someone pulls a knife on
me I'm a problem that's why I work out
ok my motivations and my concerns are
totally different from someone who wants
to be a bikini model I don't know
someone who wants a career as an actor
or what-have-you
I have a look I'm living through a
really dark time in my life and I know
if someone like freelee and durianrider
if they actually have lived as a
nutritionist that actually doesn't work
as some kind of hands-on sports
therapist I'm one of the main things
you've learned would be to sympathize
with people that they need to change up
their diet their patterns their workout
in accordance with things that happen in
their lives whether it's because their
uncle passed away or anything else when
I was in Germany I was in Germany for
like 17 days I had a totally different
diet a totally different workout
schedule I had access to a gym three
times a day guess what
in Germany I didn't have a job and I
didn't have deadlines I didn't have this
stack of books right I didn't have the
same kind of pressure on me that I have
on me now so yeah I a different diet
different exercise when I was in Germany
if I have a crisis in my life now I
don't know a loved one dies or something
it's gonna send my work out of my diet
into another kind of tailspin you're
taking advice on your diet and exercise
from people who have no job no kids no
responsibilities in life no credentials
no real-world experience of the kind
that dr. mcdougal mcdougal and the
starch solution guys have why I would
really challenge you to pause and ask
yourself how it was that you came to
place your trust in people like freelee
and durianrider
the fundamental thing that I feel
unnatural vegan is right about and that
I want to give emphasis to here is that
these fad diets whether they're 30
bananas a day
righto for or what have you the problem
is not that they attract people to
veganism but that they repel people from
veganism that they really do lead to
people who are disillusioned and burnt
out
with veganism itself when instead they
should just be burnt out with [ __ ]
YouTube personalities who are just
trying to sell you their next diet book